Docker for DOMjudge
===================

These Dockerfiles allow you to run [DOMjudge](https://www.domjudge.org) inside a
Docker container.

Usage
-----

Use Docker Compose to build the images:

	$ docker-compose -f docker-compose-domserver.yml up --build
	$ docker-compose -f docker-compose-judgehost.yml up --build

You may want to edit `domserver/apache.conf.in` to enable TLS or tweak the PHP
upload restrictions.

All environment variables can be set in the relevant `*.env` files.

### domserver

The domserver compose file comes bundled with a MariaDB container. If you want
to use this, you only need to specify a password for the mysql root user and 
for the domjudge user by setting `DOMJUDGE_DB_ROOT_PASSWORD` and
`MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD` to the root password, and `DOMJUDGE_DB_PASSWORD` to the
domjudge user password. You can also use a standalone MySQL server. In that
case, you need to specify the `DOMJUDGE_DB_HOST` variable. It is also possible
to specify a database name and domjudge user name (both default to `domjudge`)
by setting `DOMJUDGE_DB_NAME` and `DOMJUDGE_DB_USER`.

You can also specify a timezone by setting the `TIMEZONE` variable.

### judgehost

As for the judgehost, you need to run the container in privileged mode to use
cgroups. You also need to specify the domserver URL and judgehost user password
by setting `DOMSERVER_HOST`, `DOMSERVER_PASSWORD`. You can set `DOMJUDGE_USER`
as well, but it defaults to `judgehost`. You should also specify a hostname for
this container to identify it in the domserver.

If you want to support more programming languages, you need to edit
`judgehost/languages` to enable/disable languages. If a language you want isn't
listed, feel free to create an issue or submit a pull request!

You also need to specify the following kernel parameters on the container host
for cgroups: `cgroup_enable=memory swapaccount=1`.

Patches
-------

You can customize the DOMjudge source by adding patches to the `patches`
directories.



ICPC Tools
==========

The [ICPC tools](https://icpc.baylor.edu/icpctools/) can be used by domjudge with some work arounds. After setting up
the contest and autojudges, the following steps can be used to get several tools working.

*Make sure the contest is created and active*

* create an user for the event feed (e.g. event) with the roles `jury`, `event_reader` and `full_event_reader`
* update the username and password in the file `eventdaemon.env` 
* start the event deamon (if your contest id is different then 1 update the `docker-compose-eventdeamon.yml` first to the correct contest id)

		$ docker-compose -f docker-compose-eventdaemon.yml up

* Update the passwords and contest id in `cds.env`
* start the contest data server 
	
		$ docker-compose.exe -f docker-compose-cds.yml up --build

* verify everything works by going to `https://<host>:8443/contests/<contest-id>` (The first time you visit this link, it will retrieve the data.)

### Adding custom slides to the presentation(e.g. sponsors/promo)
Add in the `photos` directory the images as `jpg` or `png` that you want to make available to the presentations client.
Select the `Photos` presentation to display the images.

Setting up Presentation server
------------------------------
Download the latest version of Presentation Controller and unzip the file. Run the following command to connect to the cds

		$ ./presAdmin.sh https://<cds-host> admin <adminPassword>



Setting up the Presentation client
----------------------------------
Download the latest version of Presentation Client and unzip the file. Run the following command to the connect to the cds.

		$ ./client.sh <clientName> https://<cds-host>/api/contests/<contest-id> presentation <presentation-password>
		
Setting up the Resolver with custom places
------------------------------------------
Download the latest version of the Resolver and unzip the file. Generate the standing by running the `awards`	script 
and connect to your cds using the url `https://<cds-host>/api/contests/<contest-id>` with the `admin` account.

Setup the standings as desired and save the file as `awards.json`.

The file generated by awards(version 2.0-1798) does not create a valid event-feed. Workaround:
 
* download event feed from `https://<cds-host>/api/contests/<contest-id>/event-feed` to `event-feed.json`
* open the newly created file `event-feed.json`
* open the `awards.json` file and scroll tot he bottom
* look for the `awards` lines 
```
{"type":"awards","id":"cds2503","op":"create","data":{"id":"rank-1","team_ids":["3"],"citation":"1st place"}}
{"type":"awards","id":"cds2504","op":"create","data":{"id":"rank-2","team_ids":["6"],"citation":"2nd place"}}
{"type":"awards","id":"cds2505","op":"create","data":{"id":"rank-3","team_ids":["4"],"citation":"3rd place"}}
```
* copy these lines to the bottom of `event-feed.json`

Now the scoreboard can be resolved with custom places and awards by executing

        $ resolver event-feed.json 